
game add on ideas

-timed?
-how many flies can you catch before missing /restart if you lose?
--------------------
Frog game

player/frog goal:
collect 3 golden flies within 1 min

normal flies are collected and add up in your final score once you collect the 3 golden flies.

collect 'special' flies    
    -burst of flies mechanic
    -> certain special flies give frog advantage
        -> num of flies is doubled
        -> frog's size doubles
        -> turn a poisonous fly into a regular fly/or maybe on rare occasion a golden one
    -> but be careful! within the swarms there are poisonous flies that make your health drop and you lose all your flies if accidentally eaten

    -> frog health bar?

    -> to win you need the three
        -> frog is full! visual

    -> frog death 

assets:

-timer + score tracker
-frog health
-special flies
-golden flies
-menu to start game
-game over screen if your frog dies

Challenge 1: Adding a Score (Design)
Design: The score will be represented as a number in the top-left HUD. Each time the player dodges a frog, the score will increase by 10 points. The number will grow in size as it increases, and potentially even change color to convey the player's growing skill.
Visual Cues: The number starts at a base size and gets larger when the player achieves a higher score. When the score reaches specific milestones, the color could change to reflect different achievement levels.
Challenge 1: Adding a Score (Planning)
To add this score mechanic:

Initialize the Score Variable: We’ll add a score variable to track points, set initially to zero.
Update the Score on Frog Dodge: Every time the player dodges a frog, add to the score.
Display the Score on Screen: In the playGame() function, display the score in the HUD, adjusting the text size based on the score value to make it more dynamic.
Challenge 2: Adding a Score (Pseudocode)
Here’s the updated pseudocode to reflect this scoring mechanism:

plaintext
Copy code
// Define variables
hearts = 3
score = 0
evadeCount = 0

setup()
    Create canvas
    Initialize variables
    Load game assets

playGame()
    Display background and HUD
    Display hearts
    Display score
    Move and draw fly
    For each frog
        Move and draw frog
        If collision between frog tongue and fly
            Decrease hearts
            Check for game over
        Else if near miss with frog (but not a collision)
            Increase evade count
            Increase score by 10
            Mark frog as evaded
    Check if level is complete
    Display level-up screen if complete

displayScore()
    Set score color based on milestones
    Calculate font size based on score
    Draw the score text at (10, 80) with the current size and color